the goalkeeper
the couple live more than three spending wife my kids and me
tensions can count on him thousands of Cubans
and roger behind closed doors in beauty
for power from right to left and christian dalger blue
in the center of the amount due and no worries alberto is good here on these images
colored
rousseff on the right
it'll be quick to kick off
Versatile player for Godmother
then to alger
we recovered by a mayor
so play in midfield position
this is the first reported attack is the kind of
when the opportunity arises
keep to clement committed
there are those who say it
social dialogue between very well-placed workforce with this is not the case there
took advantage of the ice
if he is down to earth
gold the height of the surface by fires
at the bottom of the post does not have what to do torpedo beaten
what is interesting
on his side a little more of his people
the blues is not there
we do not know if possible
George Soros
the first version
moments later this is the correction of both teams
do we need one or two shots we think we pump the pole and that we
had lost their lives
it misses
rail was doing before
it is clear that all the busy
he quoted three euros penaltys
yes initially it's also just nine days last at the garden serene
So this is it
contractually
the great offender
we believe against 3
see alger jean-claude trichet
all this for you
he takes the beauty early ball of the thing
add that over a year
in low angle per year
three days of jean-claude killy
if the camera can
it's an opportunity jean-paul tuya
immediately your first meeting first
however the camera schumacher admitted
participation in capital is a pleasure to earn a lot of money
if we are especially in the career of a footballer I think that if the big
consecration I won the games in the league
no cause to worry thank my comrades
what's more normal that there are dishes on the feet
member of ledevoir com
it feels like it has been in trouble
the rewards were the same criminal body does not react to say
and that posed us problems and then I had
- how why
but excuse me I'm going to share the joy of my comrades running a
little more completely logical